docs: Add guidance about focusing the error summary and success messaging (#1029)
steelthreads/agds-next: docs/content/templates/single-page-form/index.mdx

### Error messages

> A form should validate when a user attempts to submit. If there are errors, they should be listed in an error summary (or [PageAlert](/components/page-alert)), placed at the top of the page and immediately focused. The summary should link to each error and focus on the form field when clicked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A form should validate when a user attempts to submit. Validation errors should be summarised as a list inside of a [PageAlert](/components/page-alert)) with the 'error' tone. The page alert should be placed at the top of the form, and focused immediately after a submission attempt. When clicked, each error in the list should scroll and focus the user focus respective form field.
```

Reviewer: - Ensured we reference the error page alert tone
- Rearranged some words

If only one error is present, the error summary can be omitted and the invalid field can be focused.

An invalid field is highlighted with a red border and a red error message. They should never be covered by autocomplete menus and on-screen keyboards.

### Success messaging

> When a form is successfully completed, return the user to the entry point of the form and display a [PageAlert](/components/page-alert) with the green 'success' tone and a clear message which communicates the successful submission. When possible provide, persistent methods for a user to return and see the status of the from submission - ie a reference number for the artifact.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a form is successfully completed, return the user to the entry point of the form and display a [PageAlert](/components/page-alert) with the 'success' tone and a clear message which communicates the successful submission. When possible, provide persistent methods for a user to return and see the status of the submitted artefact, for example a reference number.
```

Reviewer: - I don't think we need to list the word 'green'
- Fixed a couple of small typos
- Rearranged the last sentence
